# Data Processing Project\n\nThis repository contains a robust data processing solution designed to automate the conversion and analysis of structured data. It leverages Python with Pandas for efficient data manipulation and integrates with GitHub Actions for continuous integration and automated deployment of results.\n\n## Project Structure\n\n*   `execute.py`: The core Python script responsible for data processing. It reads an Excel file, performs transformations, and outputs results.\n*   `data.xlsx`: The input Excel file containing the raw data to be processed.\n*   `data.csv`: A CSV version of `data.xlsx`, generated automatically as part of the CI/CD pipeline.\n*   `.github/workflows/ci.yml`: GitHub Actions workflow configuration for continuous integration and deployment.\n*   `index.html`: A responsive web interface (built with Tailwind CSS) serving as a placeholder for a dashboard or project overview.\n*   `README.md`: This file, providing an overview of the project.\n*   `LICENSE`: The MIT License text.\n\n## Features\n\n*   **Automated Data Conversion**: Converts `data.xlsx` to `data.csv` programmatically.\n*   **Python-based Processing**: Utilizes `execute.py` for performing non-trivial data operations and analysis using Python 3.11+ and Pandas 2.3.\n*   **Code Quality**: Integrated with Ruff for linting and formatting, ensuring high code quality.\n*   **Continuous Integration (CI)**: GitHub Actions automatically runs Ruff checks and the `execute.py` script on every push.\n*   **Automated Results Publishing**: The output of `execute.py` (`result.json`) is automatically published to GitHub Pages, providing an accessible and up-to-date view of the processing results.\n*   **Responsive Web Interface**: `index.html` offers a modern, responsive layout for project overview.\n\n## Setup and Local Development\n\n### Prerequisites\n\n*   Python 3.11+\n*   Pandas 2.3\n*   Ruff (for linting)\n\n### Installation\n\n1.  Clone the repository:\n    ```bash\n    git clone [repository-url]\n    cd [repository-name]\n    ```\n2.  Create and activate a virtual environment:\n    ```bash\n    python -m venv venv\n    source venv/bin/activate # On Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`\n    ```\n3.  Install dependencies:\n    ```bash\n    pip install pandas ruff openpyxl\n    ```\n    (Note: `openpyxl` is required by Pandas to read `.xlsx` files.)\n\n### Running Locally\n\n1.  Ensure `data.xlsx` is present in the project root.\n2.  Run the processing script:\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py\n    ```\n    This will generate `result.json` in the project root.\n\n### Linting\n\nTo run Ruff locally:\n```bash\nruff check .\nruff format .\n```\n\n## GitHub Actions Workflow (`.github/workflows/ci.yml`)\n\nThe CI/CD pipeline is configured to:\n\n1.  **Checkout Code**: Retrieves the repository content.\n2.  **Setup Python**: Configures a Python 3.11 environment.\n3.  **Install Dependencies**: Installs Pandas, Ruff, and openpyxl.\n4.  **Run Ruff**: Executes linting checks on the codebase.\n5.  **Run Data Processing**: Executes `execute.py`, which:\n    *   Converts `data.xlsx` to `data.csv`.\n    *   Processes data and outputs `result.json`.\n6.  **Upload Artifacts**: Makes `result.json` available as a CI artifact.\n7.  **Deploy to GitHub Pages**: Publishes `result.json` (and other static assets if any) to GitHub Pages. The `result.json` will be accessible via `https://<YOUR_USERNAME>.github.io/<YOUR_REPOSITORY>/result.json`.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.